src/main/java/frc/robot/SuperStructureController.md, before:

# Superstructure Xbox Controller Button Assignments

Superstructure Xbox controller must be in position 1 on Driver Station's USB tab.

Button assignments are not done yet.
Rotation directions, clockwise or counter-clockwise, are as seen from the robot’s left.

- **Y button** - L4 - Sends elevator to L4 position, including extending and rotating the end affector
- **B button** - L3 - Sends elevator to L3 position, including extending and rotating the end affector
- **X button** - L2 - Sends elevator to L2 position, including extending and rotating the end affector
- **A button** - L1 - Sends elevator to L1 (trough) position, including extending arm
- **South Pov button** - Lower - lowers the elevator by the set amount, use to put coral on the reef
- **Right Bumper** - roll outwards - Makes the roller push outwards, use to release coral onto trough
- **Left Bumper** - Collect Coral - collects a coral that is lying flat on the floor directly in front of robot and brings arm back into robot

Other buttons are not assigned actions now.

Commit message:

Added AlgaeArm subsystem and completed it. Made the button assignments

src/main/java/frc/robot/SuperStructureController.md, after:

# Superstructure Xbox Controller Button Assignments

Superstructure Xbox controller must be in position 1 on Driver Station's USB tab.

NOTE: all buttons are single press and will continue to run until another of these buttons is pressed


- **Y button** - L4 - Sends elevator to L4 position, including extending and rotating the end affector
- **B button** - L3 - Sends elevator to L3 position, including extending and rotating the end affector
- **X button** - L2 - Sends elevator to L2 position, including extending and rotating the end affector
- **A button** - L1 - Sends elevator to L1 (trough) position, including extending arm
- **South Pov button** - Lower - lowers the elevator by the set amount, use to put coral on the reef
- **Right Bumper** - roll outwards - Makes the roller push outwards, use to release coral onto trough
- **Left Bumper** - Collect Coral - collects a coral that is lying flat on the floor directly in front of robot and brings arm back into robot

Other buttons are not assigned actions now.
